FIX: ImsAuthConfig.context could be received as undefined (#52)
adobe/aio-commerce-sdk: .changeset/cool-clowns-shave.md

---
"@adobe/aio-commerce-lib-auth": minor
"@adobe/aio-commerce-sdk": minor
---

> ImsAuthConfig.context could be received as undefined by context.set method, this defaults the value if not set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ImsAuthConfig.context` could be received as `undefined` by the `context.set` method, after an `assertImsAuthParams` due to us discarding the Valibot output (which was setting a default). Now, the value is manually defaulted if not set.
```
